feat(dotfiles): add ability to apply dotfiles as root (#133)
coder/modules: dotfiles/README.md

# Dotfiles

Allow developers to optionally bring their own [dotfiles repository](https://dotfiles.github.io).

This will prompt the user for their dotfiles repository URL on template creation using a `coder_parameter`.

Under the hood, this module uses the [coder dotfiles](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/dotfiles) command.

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}
```

## Examples

### Apply dotfiles as the current user

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}
```

### Apply dotfiles as root (only works if sudo is passwordless)

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
  user     = "root"
}
```

> ### Apply dotfiles as the current user and root (only works if sudo is passwordless)

Author: hey, I don't think you can do `sudo -u <other user>` when sudo is not passwordless

> ### Apply dotfiles as the current user and root (only works if sudo is passwordless)

Reviewer: With this chance I'm referring to two entities, the "user" dotfiles, and the "root" dotfiles. The parens was meant to suggest that "root" dotfiles only work if sudo is passwordless.

In my previous suggestion we already mention that sudo always has to be passwordless when applying for "another user".

How about this rewrite instead?

```suggestion
### Apply the same dotfiles as the current user and root (the root dotfiles can only be applied if sudo is passwordless)
```

> ### Apply dotfiles as the current user and root (only works if sudo is passwordless)

Author: oh i see what you mean now, yes i do like this other rewrite better

Allow developers to optionally bring their own [dotfiles repository](https://dotfiles.github.io)! Under the hood, this module uses the [coder dotfiles](https://coder.com/docs/v2/latest/dotfiles) command.

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}
```

## Examples

### Apply dotfiles to the current user only

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}
```

### Apply dotfiles to the current user and root

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id

>   root     = true

Reviewer: I feel this param/behavior is a bit weird, I would expect these dotfiles to _only_ to be applied to root.

I have two alternative proposals:
1. Rename this to `user = "root"`, and run with `sudo -u $USER ...` (change behavior to only apply to this one user)
2. Rename this to `extra_users = ["root"]`, this is more flexible and will cover more use-cases, and the "extra" makes it obvious that this will be applied to the standard user _and_ to root.

Author: I think using `user = ?` contrains you to have a module definition per user, which kinda sucks, which is also why I preferred for `root = true` to be extra, but I do agree, it is unclear.
I prefer the `extra_users` way and I have thought about it in the past, but I thought "who's gonna apply to more users than `coder` and `root`?".

I will update the PR to support an `extra_users` array.

Reviewer: I don’t think the 1 definition/user constraint is bad per-se, is there a drawback I’m not thinking of?

But I’m fine with either approach.

Author: > I don’t think the 1 definition/user constraint is bad per-se, is there a drawback I’m not thinking of?

Well, I just don't like the idea that the template administrator will have to copy it again, I think that's bad UX.

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/phorcys420/coder-modules.git//dotfiles?ref=dotfiles-root"
  agent_id = coder_agent.dev.id
  extra_users = ["root"]
}
```

is cleaner to me than

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/phorcys420/coder-modules.git//dotfiles?ref=dotfiles-root"
  agent_id = coder_agent.dev.id
}

module "dotfiles-root" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/phorcys420/coder-modules.git//dotfiles?ref=dotfiles-root"
  agent_id = coder_agent.dev.id
  user = "root"
}
```

Reviewer: @phorcys420 great insight, thanks for sharing.

I kind of like `user = "root"` because `extra_users` doesn't work with multiple module definitions. But I also don't like forcing two parameters on the user.

Is this possible?

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/phorcys420/coder-modules.git//dotfiles?ref=dotfiles-root"
  agent_id = coder_agent.dev.id
  # exports dotfiles_uri or similar
}

module "dotfiles-root" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/phorcys420/coder-modules.git//dotfiles?ref=dotfiles-root"
  dotfiles_uri = module.dotfiles.dotfiles_uri # when dotfiles_uri is defined, no parameter is created
  agent_id = coder_agent.dev.id
  user = "root"
}
```

Alternatively, the best option for now may be to just rename `root = true` to `also_apply_to_root = true`, or similar. That would convey the behavior better.

Author: I like this way better, with the optional `dotfiles_uri` and `user`, i'll play around with it :-)

Author: I have added a `dotfiles_uri` optional parameter that, if passed, hides the `coder_parameter` that asks the end user for their dotfiles URI. (873f057)

I will do the same thing for a `user` variable.

  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}
```

### Apply dotfiles as another user (only works if sudo is passwordless)

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
  user     = "root"
}
```

### Apply the same dotfiles as the current user and root (the root dotfiles can only be applied if sudo is passwordless)

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source   = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version  = "1.0.0"
  agent_id = coder_agent.example.id
}

module "dotfiles-root" {
  source       = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version      = "1.0.0"
  agent_id     = coder_agent.example.id
  user         = "root"
  dotfiles_uri = module.dotfiles.dotfiles_uri
```

## Setting a default dotfiles repository

You can set a default dotfiles repository for all users by setting the `default_dotfiles_uri` variable.

```tf
module "dotfiles" {
  source               = "registry.coder.com/modules/dotfiles/coder"
  version              = "1.0.12"
  agent_id             = coder_agent.example.id
  default_dotfiles_uri = "https://github.com/coder/dotfiles"
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think this is ok.
